More details about managing pod downtime during kubernetes upgrades (#955)
replicatedhq/help-center: content/docs/kubernetes/customer-installations/upgrading.md

If an upgrade of Kubernetes is required, the script will begin the upgrade and prompt to run upgrade scripts on each node in the cluster.
When upgrading only the Replicated version, the install script will be required to be re-run on only the master.

> Because not all nodes are upgraded at the same time, application developers can ensure that downtime is minimized.   This can be achieved by ensuring that pods with multiple replicas are not scheduled on the same nodes (via pod anti-affinity rules) and also by setting up disruption budgets that ensure that the minimum number of replicas required for the application to function is always running.  There are networking considerations as well.  While a node is updated it will not be able to receive network connections.  This should be handled by load balancers or application level failover.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because not all nodes are upgraded at the same time, application developers can ensure that downtime is minimized or eliminated.
This can be achieved by ensuring that multiple replicas of a deployment/statefulset are not scheduled on the same node (via pod anti-affinity rules) and also by setting [pod disruption budgets](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/disruptions/#pdb-example) to ensure that the minimum number of replicas required for the application to function are always running. 
There are networking considerations as well.
While a node is being upgraded it will not be able to properly route network connections.
This should be handled by load balancers or application level failover.

For a single-node 'cluster', downtime when upgrading Kubernetes is unfortunately unavoidable.
```
